THIS IS UNBELIEVABLE.
IT'S BEEN
A HALF AN HOUR.
IF THIS WAS A CARTOON
YOU'D BE LOOKING LIKE A HAM
RIGHT ABOUT NOW.
THERE'S THE WAITRESS.
EXCUSE ME, MISS?
HELLO? MISS?
IT'S PHOEBE.
HI.
OKAY, WILL THAT BE ALL?
WAIT. WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
I WAS OVER THERE, YOU SAID
"EXCUSE ME. HELLO? MISS."
SO NOW I'M HERE.
NO, NO. HOW COME
YOU'RE WORKING HERE?
RIGHT. 'CAUSE IT'S CLOSE
TO WHERE I LIVE
AND THE APRONS
ARE REALLY CUTE.
CAN WE START OVER?
YEAH, OKAY, GREAT.
I'LL BE OVER HERE...
NO! NO! NO! NO!
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ AND IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO FALL ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO. ♪
I DON'T KNOW WHETHER
HE'S TESTING ME
OR JUST ACTING OUT
BUT MY MONKEY IS OUT OF CONTROL.
HE KEEPS ERASING
THE MESSAGES ON MY MACHINE.
SUPPOSEDLY BY ACCIDENT.
OH, YEAH. I'VE DONE THAT.
AND THEN, LIKE,
THREE DAYS IN A ROW
HE GOT TO THE NEWSPAPER
BEFORE I DID
AND PEED ALL OVER THE CROSSWORD.
I'VE NEVER DONE THAT.
NOW, LOOK AT HER
AND TELL ME
SHE DOESN'T LOOK
EXACTLY LIKE HER SISTER.
I'M SAYING
I SEE A DIFFERENCE.
THEY'RE TWINS.
I DON'T CARE.
PHOEBE'S PHOEBE.
URSULA'S... HOT.
YOU KNOW THAT THING
WHEN YOU AND I TALK
TO EACH OTHER ABOUT THINGS?
YEAH.
LET'S NOT DO THAT ANYMORE.
HI, GUYS.
HEY, PHEEBS,
GUESS WHO WE SAW TODAY.
OOH, FUN! OKAY.
LIAM NEESON?
NO.
MORLEY SAFER?
THE WOMAN WHO CUTS MY HAIR?
LOOK, THIS COULD BE
A REALLY LONG GAME.
YOUR SISTER URSULA.
OH. REALLY?
SHE WORKS OVER
AT THAT PLACE...
RIFF'S. YEAH, I KNOW.
YOU DO?
SHE SAID YOU HAVEN'T TALKED
IN YEARS.
MM-HMM. YEAH.
SO, UM, IS SHE FAT?
NOT FROM WHERE I WAS STANDING.
WHERE WERE YOU STANDING?
UH, PHEEBS, SO YOU GUYS
JUST DON'T GET ALONG?
IT'S MOSTLY JUST
DUMB SISTER STUFF--
LIKE EVERYONE ALWAYS THOUGHT OF
HER AS THE PRETTY ONE, YOU KNOW?
OH! SHE WAS
THE FIRST ONE TO START WALKING
EVEN THOUGH I DID IT
LATER THAT SAME DAY.
BUT TO MY PARENTS
BY THEN IT WAS LIKE,
"RIGHT. WHAT ELSE IS NEW?"
PHEEBS, I'M SORRY.
I'VE GOT TO GO.
I'VE GOT LAMAZE CLASS.
OH, AND I'VE GOT
EARTH SCIENCE
BUT I'LL CATCH YOU IN GYM?
SO IS THIS JUST GOING TO BE
YOU AND CAROL?
NO. SUSAN'S GOING
TO BE THERE TOO.
WE'VE GOT DADS,
WE'VE GOT LESBIANS--
THE WHOLE PARENTING TEAM.
ISN'T THAT GOING TO BE WEIRD?
IT MIGHT HAVE BEEN AT FIRST
BUT BY NOW, I'M COMFORTABLE
WITH THE WHOLE SITUATION.
ROSS, THAT'S MY JACKET.
I KNOW.
HI. WE'RE THE ROSTINS.
I'M J.C.
AND HE'S MICHAEL.
AND WE'RE HAVING A BOY...
AND A GIRL.
GOOD FOR YOU.
ALL RIGHTY. NEXT?
HI. UM, I'M, UH...
I'M ROSS GELLER
AND THAT'S... THAT'S
MY BOY IN THERE.
AND THIS IS
CAROL WILLICK
AND THIS...
IS SUSAN BUNCH.
SUSAN IS, UM...
CAROL'S...
( mumbling )
WHO'S NEXT?
I'M SORRY. I DIDN'T GET...
SUSAN IS..?
SUSAN'S CAROL'S...
CAROL'S... FRIEND.
LIFE PARTNER.
LIKE BUDDIES.
LIKE LOVERS.
YOU KNOW HOW CLOSE
WOMEN CAN GET.
SUSAN AND I
LIVE TOGETHER.
ALTHOUGH I WAS
MARRIED TO HER.
CAROL, NOT ME.
IT'S A LITTLE COMPLICATED.
A LITTLE.
BUT WE'RE FINE.
ABSOLUTELY.
SO TWINS?
THAT'S, LIKE, TWO BIRTHS.
OUCH!
( buzzing )
AND... ( buzzing )
TO YOU TOO, HELEN.
Nina Bookbinder is here
to see you.
OH, OKAY. SEND HER IN.
HI.
YOU WANTED TO SEE ME?
UH, YES.
I WAS GOING OVER
YOUR DATA AND A LITTLE THING--
YOU'VE BEEN POSTDATING
YOUR FRIDAY NUMBERS.
WHICH IS BAD, BECAUSE..?
WELL, IT THROWS MY WENUS
OUT OF WHACK.
EXCUSE ME?
WENUS-- WEEKLY ESTIMATED...
OH! NET USAGE STATISTICS.
RIGHT.
IT WON'T HAPPEN AGAIN.
I WOULDN'T WANT TO DO ANYTHING
TO HURT YOUR... WENUS.
( stammers )
IT'S NOT JUST THAT
SHE'S CUTE, OKAY?
IT'S JUST THAT...
SHE'S REALLY, REALLY CUTE.
IT DOESN'T MATTER.
YOU DON'T DIP YOUR PEN
IN THE COMPANY INK.
ROSS, YOUR LITTLE CREATURE'S
GOT THE REMOTE AGAIN.
MARCEL, MARCEL,
GIVE ROSSY THE REMOTE.
MARCEL...
MARCEL, YOU GIVE ROSSY
THE REMOTE RIGHT NOW.
( audio in English )
( audio in Spanish )
GREAT.
RELAX. I'LL FIX IT.
( audio in Spanish )
OH, COOL.
"URKEL" IN SPANISH...
IS "URKEL."
HOW DID HE DO THIS?
IS LEAVING
THE CHRISTMAS LIGHTS UP
PART OF YOUR PLAN
TO KEEP US MERRY
ALL YEAR LONG?
NO. SOMEONE WAS SUPPOSED
TO TAKE THEM DOWN
AROUND NEW YEAR'S,
BUT SOMEONE FORGOT.
WELL, SOMEONE
WAS SUPPOSED TO WRITE
"RACHE, TAKE DOWN THE LIGHTS"
AND PUT IT ON
THE REFRIG... ERATOR.
HOW LONG HAS THAT
BEEN THERE?
WHERE YOU BEEN?
I WENT BACK TO RIFF'S.
I THINK URSULA LIKES ME.
ALL I ORDERED WAS COFFEE.
SHE BROUGHT ME A TUNA MELT
AND FOUR PLATES OF CURLY FRIES.
SCORE.
SHE IS SO HOT!
BEFORE YOU DO ANYTHING
JOEY-LIKE
YOU MIGHT WANT TO RUN IT
BY, UH...
YEAH?
YEAH.
PHEEBS, DO YOU THINK
IT WOULD BE OKAY
IF I ASKED OUT YOUR SISTER?
WHY? WHY WOULD YOU
WANT TO DO THAT? WHY?
WELL, SO THAT IF WE
WENT OUT ON A DATE
SHE'D BE THERE.
WELL, I MEAN,
I'M NOT MY SISTER'S
YOU KNOW, WHATEVER
AND, UH... I MEAN...
IT'S TRUE WE WERE
ONE EGG ONCE, BUT, UH...
WE'VE... WE'VE
GROWN APART, SO, UM...
I DON'T KNOW.
WHY NOT?
COOL. THANKS.
ARE YOU OKAY?
YEAH. I'M FINE.
YOU WANT TO WATCH
LAVERNE Y SHIRLEY?
Cinco, seis, siete, ocho!
Schlemiel! Schlamazel!
( Laverne and Shirley theme
playing )
( doll squeaks )
SORRY.
HI.
SORRY I'M LATE.
UH, WHERE'S...
WHERE'S CAROL?
STUCK AT SCHOOL.
SOME PARENT-TEACHER THING.
YOU CAN GO.
I'LL GET THE INFORMATION.
NO...
NO, I THINK
I SHOULD STAY.
I THINK WE SHOULD BOTH
KNOW WHAT'S GOING ON.
OH, GOOD. THIS WILL BE FUN.
WE'RE GOING TO START
WITH SOME BASIC THIRD-STAGE
BREATHING EXERCISES
SO, MOMMIES, WHY DON'T YOU
GET ON YOUR BACK
AND, COACHES, YOU SHOULD BE
SUPPORTING MOMMY'S HEAD.
WHAT? WHAT?
I AM SUPPOSED TO BE
THE MOMMY?
OKAY, I'M GOING TO PLAY
MY SPERM CARD ONE MORE TIME.
I DON'T SEE WHY I SHOULD MISS
OUT ON THE COACHING TRAINING
JUST BECAUSE I'M A WOMAN.
SO WHAT DO YOU
PROPOSE TO DO?
I WILL FLIP YOU FOR IT.
NO, NO. HEADS.
ON YOUR BACK, MOM.
ALL RIGHT, MOMMIES.
TAKE A NICE, DEEP
CLEANSING BREATH.
( breathes deeply )
GOOD.
NOW IMAGINE YOUR VAGINA
IS OPENING
LIKE A FLOWER.
( knock at door )
MR. D., HOW'S IT
GOING, SIR?
UH, IT'S BEEN BETTER.
THE ANNUAL NET USAGE STATISTICS
ARE IN.
AND?
IT'S PRETTY UGLY.
WE HAVEN'T SEEN AN ANUS
THIS BAD SINCE THE '70s.
WHAT DOES THIS MEAN?
WE'LL BE LAYING OFF PEOPLE
IN EVERY DEPARTMENT.
I KNOW I CAME IN LATE LAST WEEK
BUT I SLEPT FUNNY
AND MY HAIR WAS...
NOT YOU.
RELAX.
EVER HAVE TO FIRE ANYONE?
NINA?
NINA...
( voice breaking ):
ARE YOU OKAY?
YES. YES, I AM.
LISTEN, THE REASON I CALLED
YOU IN HERE TODAY WAS, UH...
PLEASE DON'T HATE ME.
WHAT?
WOULD YOU LIKE
TO HAVE DINNER SOMETIME?
SO, PHEEBS, WHAT DO YOU
WANT FOR YOUR BIRTHDAY?
WELL, WHAT I REALLY WANT
IS FOR MY MOM TO BE ALIVE
AND ENJOY IT
WITH ME, BUT...
OKAY...
LET ME PUT IT THIS WAY:
ANYTHING FROM
CRABTREE & EVELYN?
OOH! BATH SALTS
WOULD BE NICE.
OH, OKAY. GOOD.
WHAT IS THIS PLACE?
YOU'RE COLD,
I HAVE TO PEE
AND THERE'S A CUP OF COFFEE
ON THE WINDOW.
HOW BAD COULD IT BE?
I THINK WE HAVE
AN ANSWER.
WHAT'S SHE
DOING HERE?
THIS COULD BE GOD'S WAY
OF TELLING US TO EAT AT HOME.
YOU THINK SHE GOT
FIRED AT RIFF'S?
NO. WE WERE THERE LAST NIGHT.
SHE KEPT... BRINGING SWORDFISH.
ARE YOU GOING
TO GO TO..?
I'LL WAIT
UNTIL AFTER WE ORDER.
IT'S HER, RIGHT?
IT LOOKS LIKE... HER.
UM... EXCUSE ME?
YEAH?
HI! IT'S US.
RIGHT. AND IT'S ME.
SO YOU'RE HERE TOO.
AS MUCH AS YOU ARE.
YOUR TURN?
UH... WE KNOW
WHAT WE WANT.
OH, THAT'S GOOD.
ALL WE WANT IS
TWO CAFFE LATTES.
AND SOME BISCOTTI COOKIES.
GOOD CHOICE.
IT'S DEFINITELY HER.
YEAH.
Woman:
Buenos noches, John-Boy.
Man:
Buenos noches, Jim-Bob.
YOU STILL HAVEN'T
TOLD THAT GIRL
SHE DOESN'T HAVE A JOB?
WELL, YOU STILL
HAVEN'T TAKEN DOWN
THE CHRISTMAS LIGHTS.
CONGRATULATIONS.
I THINK YOU'VE FOUND
THE WORLD'S THINNEST ARGUMENT.
I'M JUST TRYING TO FIND
THE RIGHT MOMENT.
THAT SHOULDN'T BE SO HARD
NOW THAT YOU'RE DATING.
SWEETHEART, YOU'RE FIRED,
BUT HOW ABOUT A QUICKIE
BEFORE I GO TO WORK?
HEY.
( knock at door )
ONCE YOU'RE INSIDE
YOU DON'T HAVE
TO KNOCK ANYMORE.
I'LL GET IT.
OH. HI, MR. HECKLES.
YOU'RE DOING IT AGAIN.
DOING WHAT?
WE'RE NOT
DOING ANYTHING.
WE'RE JUST SITTING
AROUND TALKING. QUIETLY.
I CAN HEAR YOU
THROUGH THE CEILING.
MY CATS CAN'T SLEEP.
YOU DON'T
EVEN HAVE CATS.
I COULD HAVE CATS.
GOOD-BYE,
MR. HECKLES.
WE'LL TRY TO
KEEP IT DOWN.
PHOEBE, COULD YOU
DO ME A FAVOR?
WOULD YOU TRY THIS ON?
I WANT TO MAKE
SURE IT FITS.
OH, MY FIRST
BIRTHDAY PRESENT.
OH, THIS IS REALLY...
OH, NO, NO, NO.
IT'S FOR URSULA.
I JUST FIGURED
SIZE-WISE...
OH. SURE. YEAH.
OKAY. FITS.
ARE YOU SEEING HER AGAIN?
YEP. ICE CAPADES.
THIS IS SERIOUS.
I'VE NEVER KNOWN YOU
TO PAY MONEY
FOR ANY KIND
OF CAPADE.
I DON'T KNOW.
I LIKE HER, YOU KNOW?
SHE'S DIFFERENT.
THERE'S, UH...
SOMETHING ABOUT HER...
THAT YOU LIKE.
WE GET IT.
YOU LIKE HER--
GREAT.
PHOEBE, I ASKED YOU
AND YOU SAID IT WAS OKAY.
MAYBE NOW IT'S NOT OKAY.
OKAY. WELL, MAYBE NOW I'M NOT
OKAY WITH IT NOT BEING OKAY.
OKAY.
KNIT, GOOD WOMAN, KNIT! KNIT!
( knock at door )
AND THAT'S THE CHRYSLER
BUILDING RIGHT THERE.
NINA.
MR. DOUGLAS.
COOL TIE.
SHE'S STILL HERE.
YES. YES, SHE IS.
DIDN'T I MEMO YOU ON THIS?
AFTER I LET HER GO
UH, I GOT A CALL
FROM HER PSYCHIATRIST
DR. FLANE...
DR. FLENNEN, DR. FLEN
AND, UH...
HE INFORMED ME THAT, UH,
SHE TOOK THE NEWS RATHER BADLY.
IN FACT, HE MENTIONED
THE WORD "FRENZY."
Y-YOU'RE KIDDING.
SHE SEEMED SO...
OH, NO, NO. NINA?
SHE IS WHOO-WHOO-WHOO-
WHOO-WHOO-WHOO!
IN FACT,
IF YOU ASKED HER RIGHT NOW
SHE WOULD HAVE NO RECOLLECTION
OF BEING FIRED AT ALL.
THAT'S... UNBELIEVABLE.
AND YET BELIEVABLE.
SO I'VE DECIDED
NOT TO FIRE HER AGAIN
UNTIL I CAN BE ASSURED
THAT SHE WILL BE NO THREAT
TO HERSELF OR OTHERS.
I SEE. HMM.
I GUESS YOU NEVER REALLY KNOW
WHAT'S GOING ON
INSIDE A PERSON'S HEAD.
WELL, I GUESS THAT'S WHY
THEY CALL IT PSYCHOLOGY, SIR.
( baby crying )
Man:
For this, after all,
is the miracle of birth.
LIGHTS, PLEASE.
AND THAT'S HAVING A BABY.
NEXT WEEK
IS OUR FINAL CLASS.
SUSAN, GO DEEP.
Carol:
IT'S IMPOSSIBLE.
IT'S JUST,
JUST IMPOSSIBLE.
WHAT IS, HONEY?
WHAT THAT WOMAN...
DID.
I AM NOT DOING THAT.
IT'S JUST GOING
TO HAVE TO STAY IN, THAT'S ALL.
EVERYTHING'LL
BE THE SAME.
IT'LL JUST STAY IN.
SHH. EVERYTHING'S
GOING TO BE ALL RIGHT.
OH, WHAT DO YOU KNOW?
NO ONE'S GOING UP TO YOU
AND SAYING
"HI. IS THAT YOUR NOSTRIL?
MIND IF WE PUSH
THIS POT ROAST THROUGH IT?!"
CAROL,
CAROL, SWEETIE.
CLEANSING BREATH.
I KNOW
IT'S FRIGHTENING
BUT, BIG PICTURE--
THE BIRTH PART IS JUST ONE DAY
AND WHEN IT'S OVER,
WE'RE ALL GOING TO BE PARENTS
FOR THE REST OF OUR LIVES.
I MEAN, THAT'S
WHAT THIS IS ALL ABOUT.
RIGHT? ROSS?
ROSS?
I'M GOING TO BE A FATHER.
THIS IS JUST
OCCURRING TO YOU?
I ALWAYS KNEW I
WAS HAVING A BABY.
I JUST NEVER REALIZED
THE BABY WAS HAVING ME.
OH, YOU'RE GOING
TO BE GREAT.
HOW CAN
YOU SAY THAT?
I CAN'T EVEN GET MARCEL
TO STOP EATING THE BATH MAT.
HOW AM I GOING
TO RAISE A KID?
SOME SCIENTISTS ARE NOW SAYING
THAT MONKEYS AND BABIES
ARE ACTUALLY DIFFERENT.
Phoebe:
WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
OUT.
WITH?
YES.
CAN I JUST ASK
YOU ONE QUESTION?
HAVE YOU TWO, YOU KNOW...
LIKE, YOU KNOW?
YOU KNOW.
YET?
NOT THAT IT'S
ANY OF YOUR BUSINESS
BUT NO, WE HAVEN'T. OKAY?
YOU MEANT SEX, RIGHT?
DO YOU HAVE A SEC?
UH, SURE, NINA. WHAT'S UP?
FOR THE PAST COUPLE OF DAYS,
PEOPLE HAVE BEEN AVOIDING ME
AND GIVING ME
REALLY STRANGE LOOKS.
OH, WELL, UH, MAYBE
THAT'S BECAUSE THEY'RE, UH...
JEALOUS OF US.
MAYBE. BUT THAT DOESN'T EXPLAIN
WHY THEY KEEP TAKING
MY SCISSORS.
UH, WELL, MAYBE THAT'S, UH
BECAUSE YOU'RE GETTING
A BIG RAISE.
I AM?
SURE. WHY NOT?
OH, MY GOD!
YOU'RE AMAZING!
OH, YOU DON'T KNOW.
HELEN, MAKE SURE WE
PUT THROUGH THE PAPER WORK
ON MS. BOOKBINDER'S RAISE.
You still want me to send her
psychological profile
to Personnel?
WHAT?
HELEN DRINKS.
WILL YOU MARRY ME?
I ENDED UP TELLING
HER EVERYTHING.
HOW'D SHE TAKE IT?
PRETTY WELL, EXCEPT
FOR THE STAPLER THING.
A LITTLE TIP: IF YOU'RE EVER
IN A SIMILAR SITUATION
NEVER EVER LEAVE YOUR HAND
ON THE DESK.
OKAY, I THINK I GET
HOW TO DO THIS.
( audio in Spanish )
ALL RIGHT, SO CAN
WE TURN THIS OFF
AND MAKE THEM GO AWAY?
I CAN'T WATCH THIS.
OKAY, PHEEBS,
THEY'RE GONE.
ARE YOU ALL RIGHT?
YEAH. IT'S JUST, YOU KNOW
IT'S THIS WHOLE
STUPID URSULA THING.
CAN I ASK?
SO HE'S GOING OUT WITH HER.
IS IT REALLY SO TERRIBLE?
UM, YEAH.
I'M NOT SAYING SHE'S,
LIKE, EVIL, OR ANYTHING.
SHE JUST, YOU KNOW...
SHE'S ALWAYS BREAKING MY STUFF.
WHEN I WAS EIGHT, AND
I WOULDN'T LET HER
HAVE MY JUDY JETSON THERMOS,
SO SHE THREW IT
UNDER THE BUS.
OH, AND THEN
THERE'S RANDY BROWN
WHO WAS LIKE...
HAVE YOU EVER HAD A BOYFRIEND
WHO WAS, LIKE, YOUR BEST FRIEND?
NO.
WELL, BUT THAT'S
WHAT HE WAS FOR ME
AND SHE, YOU KNOW,
KIND OF STOLE HIM AWAY
AND THEN BROKE HIS HEART
AND THEN HE WOULDN'T
EVEN TALK TO ME ANYMORE
'CAUSE HE SAID HE DIDN'T WANT
TO BE AROUND ANYTHING
THAT LOOKED LIKE
EITHER ONE OF US.
OH, PHEEBS...
I MEAN, I KNOW JOEY
IS NOT MY BOYFRIEND
OR MY THERMOS...
YOU KNOW, OR ANYTHING, BUT...
HEY, YOU'RE NOT
GOING TO LOSE HIM.
YOU'VE GOT
TO TALK TO JOEY.
YEAH.
HE DOESN'T
KNOW THIS STUFF.
IF HE KNEW
HOW YOU FELT...
HE'S FALLING IN LOVE WITH HER.
OH, PLEASE.
THEY'VE BEEN GOING OUT A WEEK.
THEY HAVEN'T EVEN
SLEPT TOGETHER YET.
I MEAN, THAT'S NOT SERIOUS.
OKAY. OKAY.
OKAY. OH...
OH!
YEAH, UM...
MAY WE HELP YOU?
RACHEL,
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
IT'S FREEZING
OUT HERE.
WOULD YOU COME
BACK INSIDE?
NO, NO, NO, NO, NO.
YOU WANTED ME TO
TAKE THEM DOWN
SO I'M TAKING
THEM DOWN, OKAY?
WHOA. WHOA!
RACHEL!
I'M OKAY! I'M OKAY!
MR. HECKLES?
MR. HECKLES,
COULD YOU HELP ME, PLEASE?
SEE, THIS IS
JUST THE KIND OF THING
I WAS TALKING ABOUT.